# Viagogo_Challenge
For this project I assumed the following:
1) If the input from the user was not valid, then I should show some error message, and let the user type in another response.  I also allowed the user to type values outside the range, which could model a search from a differnce city for example.
2) The price of each ticket could be a double value which was not rounded to 2 decimal places, but was later printed as such.  This was to allow for the most possible accuracy.
3) The event ids could have a maximum value of 999 because the format I was given only allows for this many (ie 000,001,...,999).
4) The random Event generation would create at most 400 events, because the 20 x 20 grid only allows for that many.
5) The maximum price for a ticket was $1000.00 and the minimum was $.01
6) That there should not be an error if there are less than 5 events, rather it should just print as many as possible.

Supporting multiple Events in one location would be a very easy change.  Currently the Environment class has a HashMap of type <Location, Event>.  I would simply change this to <Location, HashSet<Event>>.  There would then be some changes in the methods of Environment.  The generateEnvironment() method would create a new HashSet<Event> when a Location is empty, then create a new Event and add it to the set, and if the location was not empty, it would simply add the new event to the pre-existing HashSet.  Also the printClosestEvents method would need to iterate through every Event at every location with at least one Event in it.  More specifically, it would iterate through all non-emply locations, then iterate through each HashSet of Events at that location, and do the same process as the current implementation.
  
If I was considering a much larger world, the main objective would be to scan a smaller subset of the world, rather than every single location.  To do this, I would associate a region number with each Event based on its x and y coordinates.  For instance, if we were considering the entire earth, I would create sections based on the population of a given region, and give each event in that region the same region code.  I would create square regions where the population of the region was 100,000.  This way regions in remote areas would be larger than those in cities, as they should be, since there would be far fewer events there.  Then I would only scan within the region that the user inputs when searching for close events.  If there are less than five events in a given region, then I would scan the neighboring regions until there were at least five Events to output.
